README.md, before:

# Evolution

<!-- ![alt Evolution](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvOTEyMDEvNjA4OTg3LnBuZw==/original/FQbrDj.png) -->

A sandbox game/simulator that demonstrates machine learning with evolutionary algorithms. Inspired by Karl Sims' [Evolving Virtual Creatures](http://www.karlsims.com/papers/siggraph94.pdf).


## Download

* [Play in Browser](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution)
* [Mac, Windows](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution/purchase)
* [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/de/app/evolution-simulate-learning-creatures/id1227314223?ign-mpt=uo%3D8)
* [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.keiwando.Evolution)


## Support this Project

While you are able to download the source code and build the game for yourself for free, you can also support this project by purchasing copies of it for macOS and Windows on [itch.io](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution/purchase) or purchasing the iOS version on the App Store. Thank you so much to everybody who has supported this project over the years, whether financially or just by downloading, sharing and leaving reviews. I appreciate it a lot!


## Feedback & More

* [FAQ](http://keiwando.com/evolution/faq)
* [Submit a Bug](https://github.com/keiwando/evolution/issues)
* [Gif Collection](http://keiwando.com/evolution/gifs)
* [Submit a Gif](https://itch.io/t/164239/evolution-gif-collection)
* [Forum](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution/community)
* [@keiwando](https://twitter.com/keiwando)


## License

Copyright (c) Keiwan Donyagard. All rights reserved.

This project is not technically Open Source. However, you can (and I encourage you to) download, modify and play around with the code for personal and educational purposes, all as long as you don't relicense the code or sell or otherwise redistribute a build of the software (outside of an educational environment).

I wrote about this in more detail [here](http://keiwando.com/evolution/faq/open-source/).

Feel free to [contact me](https://keiwando.com/contact) if you have any questions about this or would like to license the code for a cool project idea of yours.

Commit message:

Added note about how to build from source to the readme

README.md, after:

# Evolution

<!-- ![alt Evolution](https://img.itch.zone/aW1hZ2UvOTEyMDEvNjA4OTg3LnBuZw==/original/FQbrDj.png) -->

A sandbox game/simulator that demonstrates machine learning with evolutionary algorithms. Inspired by Karl Sims' [Evolving Virtual Creatures](http://www.karlsims.com/papers/siggraph94.pdf).


## Download

* [Play in Browser](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution)
* [Mac, Windows](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution/purchase)
* [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/de/app/evolution-simulate-learning-creatures/id1227314223?ign-mpt=uo%3D8)
* [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.keiwando.Evolution)


## Support this Project

While you are able to download the source code and build the game for yourself for free, you can also support this project by purchasing copies of it for macOS and Windows on [itch.io](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution/purchase) or purchasing the iOS version on the App Store. Thank you so much to everybody who has supported this project over the years, whether financially or just by downloading, sharing and leaving reviews. I appreciate it a lot!


## Feedback & More

* [FAQ](http://keiwando.com/evolution/faq)
* [Submit a Bug](https://github.com/keiwando/evolution/issues)
* [Gif Collection](http://keiwando.com/evolution/gifs)
* [Submit a Gif](https://itch.io/t/164239/evolution-gif-collection)
* [Forum](https://keiwan.itch.io/evolution/community)
* [@keiwando](https://twitter.com/keiwando)


## Building the Code

In order to build Evolution from its source code you need to download Unity 2018.4.36f1 (including its iOS build support modules). Then, you can just open the folder in Unity, select a platform (command + shift + B) and build the application for that platform.


## License

Copyright (c) Keiwan Donyagard. All rights reserved.

This project is not technically Open Source. However, you can (and I encourage you to) download, modify and play around with the code for personal and educational purposes, all as long as you don't relicense the code or sell or otherwise redistribute a build of the software (outside of an educational environment).

I wrote about this in more detail [here](http://keiwando.com/evolution/faq/open-source/).

Feel free to [contact me](https://keiwando.com/contact) if you have any questions about this or would like to license the code for a cool project idea of yours.
